Update feature fest and unpacking to match reality (#46632)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

To make a feature request or advocate for a feature request from a customer or community member, [create an issue](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/new/choose) using the feature request template. If you found that an issue already exists, add the `:product` label to it.

> New requests are reviewed daily by the Head of Product Design. If the request meets the [criteria for prioritization](#criteria-for-prioritization), the request will be added to the upcoming feature fest (`~feature fest` label). If it doesn't, the request will be put to the side and the requester will be notified.

Author: ```suggestion
New requests are [triaged daily](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/product-design#triage-new-requests) by the Head of Product Design. If the request meets the [criteria for prioritization](#criteria-for-prioritization), the request will be added to the upcoming feature fest (`~feature fest` label). If it doesn't, the request will be put to the side and the requester will be notified.
```
